---
id: 2fa # 唯一ID
slug: /user/2fa # URL(最多三级结构，便于seo 和理解，遵循doc/资源/具体说明项 的原则)
description: 2FA # 描述
title: 2FA # 页面标题
hide_title: true
tags:
  - 2FA
---

2FA (two-factor authentication) is a way to increase account security by requiring users to provide a second layer of authentication in addition to their password when logging in. Currently we support verification codes generated by Google Authenticator and Microsoft Authenticator.

Enable 2FA can greatly enhance the security of your account. It provides an extra layer of security, ensuring that even if your password is compromised, hackers can't easily break into your AtomGit account.

### Enabel 2FA

To enable 2FA for your AtomGit account, follow these steps:

1. Login your AtomGit account
1. Click your avatar in the upper right corner and select **Personal Settings**
1. On the User Settings menu, select **Account Security**
1. On the account security settings page, find the **Two-factor authentication 2FA** section and click **Enable**
1. Choose your favorite authenticator (Google Authenticator, Microsoft Authenticator, etc.) and follow the system prompts to configure it
1. After completing the configuration, click **Next**
1. In the two-factor authentication 2FA recovery code interface, save your **recovery code**
1. After saving, click **Next** to complete the activation of 2FA

### Remove 2FA

If you want to remove 2FA, follow these steps:

1. Login your AtomGit account
1. Click your avatar in the upper right corner and select **Personal Settings**
1. On the User Settings menu, select **Account Security**
1. On the account security settings page, find the **Two-factor authentication 2FA** section and click **Manage two-factor authentication**
1. In the two-factor authentication management interface, click the **Remove** section
1. Enter the password for the current account and click the **Remove** button
1. After confirmation, 2FA will be removed

### What is a 2FA recovery code

2FA recovery codes are a set of emergency-use verification codes used as an alternative to login verification when you are unable to receive a normal two-step verification verification code. These recovery codes are one-time, long string security codes that can only be used once per verification code. When you can't receive a verification code on your two-step verification device (such as your phone), you can use one of these recovery codes to complete your sign in.

If you used a recovery code to log in, it is recommended to re-enable a new two-step verification device after logging in to maintain the security of your account.

### Verify by 2FA recovery code

If you are unable to receive a 2FA verification code, you can follow these steps to log in using a 2FA recovery code:

1. Click **Log in with recovery code** on the login page
2. Enter your account information and recovery code
3. The system will verify the validity of the recovery code. If correct, you will be allowed to log in.

Please keep your 2FA recovery code properly to avoid leakage and loss.
